## TERMS & CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY FOR SMS MARKETING
To ensure your relationship with your text message subscribers is subject to a binding Terms of Service Agreement and Privacy Policy, We have drafted model agreements that you can use for your store.

SMS/MMS MOBILE MESSAGE MARKETING PROGRAM TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

Text Marketing. By signing up via text, you agree to receive recurring automated promotional and personalized marketing text messages (e.g. cart reminders) from Mx. Brassey at the cell number used when signing up. Reply HELP for help and STOP to cancel. Msg frequency varies. Msg & data rates may apply. View Terms & Privacy.

Mx. Brassey (hereinafter, “We,” “Us,” “Our”) is offering a mobile messaging program (the “Program”), which you agree to use and participate in subject to these Mobile Messaging Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy (the “Agreement”).  By opting in to or participating in any of our Programs, you accept and agree to these terms and conditions, including, without limitation, your agreement to resolve any disputes with us through binding, individual-only arbitration, as detailed in the “Dispute Resolution” section below.  This Agreement is limited to the Program and is not intended to modify other Terms and Conditions or Privacy Policy that may govern the relationship between you and Us in other contexts. 

**User Opt In:** The Program allows Users to receive SMS/MMS mobile messages by affirmatively opting into the Program, such as through online or application-based enrollment forms. Regardless of the opt-in method you utilized to join the Program, you agree that this Agreement applies to your participation in the Program.  By participating in the Program, you agree to receive autodialed or prerecorded marketing mobile messages at the phone number associated with your opt-in, and you understand that consent is not required to make any purchase from Us.  While you consent to receive messages sent using an autodialer, the foregoing shall not be interpreted to suggest or imply that any or all of Our mobile messages are sent using an automatic telephone dialing system (“ATDS” or “autodialer”).  Message and data rates may apply.  

**User Opt Out:**  If you do not wish to continue participating in the Program or no longer agree to this Agreement, you agree to reply STOP, END, CANCEL, UNSUBSCRIBE, or QUIT to any mobile message from Us in order to opt out of the Program.  You may receive an additional mobile message confirming your decision to opt out. You understand and agree that the foregoing options are the only reasonable methods of opting out.  You also understand and agree that any other method of opting out, including, but not limited to, texting words other than those set forth above or verbally requesting one of our employees to remove you from our list, is not a reasonable means of opting out. 

**Duty to Notify and Indemnify:**  If at any time you intend to stop using the mobile telephone number that has been used to subscribe to the Program, including canceling your service plan or selling or transferring the phone number to another party, you agree that you will complete the User Opt Out process set forth above prior to ending your use of the mobile telephone number.  You understand and agree that your agreement to do so is a material part of these terms and conditions.  You further agree that, if you discontinue the use of your mobile telephone number without notifying Us of such change, you agree that you will be responsible for all costs (including attorneys’ fees) and liabilities incurred by Us, or any party that assists in the delivery of the mobile messages, as a result of claims brought by individual(s) who are later assigned that mobile telephone number.  This duty and agreement shall survive any cancellation or termination of your agreement to participate in any of our Programs. 

YOU AGREE THAT YOU SHALL INDEMNIFY, DEFEND, AND HOLD US HARMLESS FROM ANY CLAIM OR LIABILITY RESULTING FROM YOUR FAILURE TO NOTIFY US OF A CHANGE IN THE INFORMATION YOU HAVE PROVIDED, INCLUDING ANY CLAIM OR LIABILITY UNDER THE TELEPHONE CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT, 47 U.S.C. § 227, et seq., OR SIMILAR STATE AND FEDERAL LAWS, AND ANY REGULATIONS PROMULGATED THEREUNDER RESULTING FROM US ATTEMPTING TO CONTACT YOU AT THE MOBILE TELEPHONE NUMBER YOU PROVIDED. 

**Program Description:** Without limiting the scope of the Program, users that opt into the Program can expect to receive messages concerning the marketing and sale of food/dining. 

**Cost and Frequency:** Message and data rates may apply. The Program involves recurring mobile messages, and additional mobile messages may be sent periodically based on your interaction with Us. 

**Support Instructions:** For support regarding the Program, text “HELP” to the number you received messages from or email us at dom.brassey@ousd.org.  Please note that the use of this email address is not an acceptable method of opting out of the program.  Opt outs must be submitted in accordance with the procedures set forth above. 

**MMS Disclosure:** The Program will send SMS TMs (terminating messages) if your mobile device does not support MMS messaging. 

**Our Disclaimer of Warranty:** The Program is offered on an "as-is" basis and may not be available in all areas at all times and may not continue to work in the event of product, software, coverage or other changes made by your wireless carrier. We will not be liable for any delays or failures in the receipt of any mobile messages connected with this Program. Delivery of mobile messages is subject to effective transmission from your wireless service provider/network operator and is outside of Our control. T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered mobile messages. 

**Participant Requirements:**  You must have a wireless device of your own, capable of two-way messaging, be using a participating wireless carrier, and be a wireless service subscriber with text messaging service. Not all cellular phone providers carry the necessary service to participate. Check your phone capabilities for specific text messaging instructions. 

**Age Restriction:**  You may not use of engage with the Platform if you are under thirteen (13) years of age.  If you use or engage with the Platform and are between the ages of thirteen (13) and eighteen (18) years of age, you must have your parent’s or legal guardian’s permission to do so.  By using or engaging with the Platform, you acknowledge and agree that you are not under the age of thirteen (13) years, are between the ages of thirteen (13) and eighteen (18) and have your parent’s or legal guardian’s permission to use or engage with the Platform, or are of adult age in your jurisdiction.  By using or engaging with the Platform, you also acknowledge and agree that you are permitted by your jurisdiction’s Applicable Law to use and/or engage with the Platform. 

**Prohibited Content:**  You acknowledge and agree to not send any prohibited content over the Platform.  Prohibited content includes:

* Any fraudulent, libelous, defamatory, scandalous, threatening, harassing, or stalking activity; 
* Objectionable content, including profanity, obscenity, lasciviousness, violence, bigotry, hatred, and discrimination on the basis of race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age; 
*    Pirated computer programs, viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or other harmful code; 
*   Any product, service, or promotion that is unlawful where such product, service, or promotion thereof is received; 
   * Any content that implicates and/or references personal health information that is protected by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) or the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (“HITEC” Act); and 
*   Any other content that is prohibited by Applicable Law in the jurisdiction from which the message is sent. 

**Dispute Resolution:** In the event that there is a dispute, claim, or controversy between you and Us, or between you and Voxie Ventures, LLC d/b/a Voxie or any other third-party service provider acting on Our behalf to transmit the mobile messages within the scope of the Program, arising out of or relating to federal or state statutory claims, common law claims, this Agreement, or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof, including the determination of the scope or applicability of this agreement to arbitrate, such dispute, claim, or controversy will be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, determined by arbitration in Daytona Beach, Florida before one arbitrator. 

The parties agree to submit the dispute to binding arbitration in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) then in effect. Except as otherwise provided herein, the arbitrator shall apply the substantive laws of the Federal Judicial Circuit in which [COMPANY NAME]’s principle place of business is located, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Within ten (10) calendar days after the arbitration demand is served upon a party, the parties must jointly select an arbitrator with at least five years’ experience in that capacity and who has knowledge of and experience with the subject matter of the dispute.  If the parties do not agree on an arbitrator within ten (10) calendar days, a party may petition the AAA to appoint an arbitrator, who must satisfy the same experience requirement. In the event of a dispute, the arbitrator shall decide the enforceability and interpretation of this arbitration agreement in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”).  The parties also agree that the AAA’s rules governing Emergency Measures of Protection shall apply in lieu of seeking emergency injunctive relief from a court. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding, and no party shall have rights of appeal except for those provided in section 10 of the FAA. Each party shall bear its share of the fees paid for the arbitrator and the administration of the arbitration; however, the arbitrator shall have the power to order one party to pay all or any portion of such fees as part of a well-reasoned decision.  The parties agree that the arbitrator shall have the authority to award attorneys’ fees only to the extent expressly authorized by statute or contract.  The arbitrator shall have no authority to award punitive damages and each party hereby waives any right to seek or recover punitive damages with respect to any dispute resolved by arbitration. The parties agree to arbitrate solely on an individual basis, and this agreement does not permit class arbitration or any claims brought as a plaintiff or class member in any class or representative arbitration proceeding.  Except as may be required by law, neither a party nor the arbitrator may disclose the existence, content, or results of any arbitration without the prior written consent of both parties, unless to protect or pursue a legal right.  If any term or provision of this Section is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Section or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction.  If for any reason a dispute proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, the parties hereby waive any right to a jury trial.  This arbitration provision shall survive any cancellation or termination of your agreement to participate in any of our Programs. 

**Miscellaneous:** You warrant and represent to Us that you have all necessary rights, power, and authority to agree to these Terms and perform your obligations hereunder, and nothing contained in this Agreement or in the performance of such obligations will place you in breach of any other contract or obligation. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein will not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. Any new features, changes, updates or improvements of the Program shall be subject to this Agreement unless explicitly stated otherwise in writing. We reserve the right to change this Agreement from time to time. Any updates to this Agreement shall be communicated to you. You acknowledge your responsibility to review this Agreement from time to time and to be aware of any such changes. By continuing to participate in the Program after any such changes, you accept this Agreement, as modified. 

**Privacy Policy**

SMS/MMS MOBILE MESSAGING MARKETING PROGRAM 

We respect your privacy. We will only use information you provide through the Program to transmit your mobile messages and respond to you, if necessary. This includes, but is not limited to, sharing information with platform providers, phone companies, and other vendors who assist us in the delivery of mobile messages.  WE DO NOT SELL, RENT, LOAN, TRADE, LEASE, OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER FOR PROFIT ANY PHONE NUMBERS OR CUSTOMER INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH THE PROGRAM TO ANY THIRD PARTY. Nonetheless, We reserve the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, to avoid liability, or to protect Our rights or property. When you complete forms online or otherwise provide Us information in connection with the Program, you agree to provide accurate, complete, and true information. You agree not to use a false or misleading name or a name that you are not authorized to use. If, in Our sole discretion, We believe that any such information is untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete, or you have opted into the Program for an ulterior purpose, We may refuse you access to the Program and pursue any appropriate legal remedies. 

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits Users of the Program that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of the information you provide through the Program to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  To make such a request, please contact us at the following address: 

Mx. Brassey
Coliseum College Prep Academy
1390 66th Ave, Oakland, CA 94621
dom.brassey@ousd.org

This Privacy Policy is strictly limited to the Program and has no effect on any other privacy policy(ies) that may govern the relationship between you and Us in other contexts. 

## Terms of Texting Program

Thank you for joining our texting program! We have a few key terms and conditions that apply to our sending any messages to you. You accept these terms when you agree to join our program, and they apply to all messages you receive from us unless and until your membership is ended.

Please be aware that we will not contact you with sales messages unless you request them, we will not use a prerecorded, machine-read message, and that you do not need to enter into any agreement as a condition of any purchase. We will send messages only to the telephone number that you provided. To ensure smooth and efficient operation of our messaging service, we may message you using an automated system that selects and dials numbers for receipt of text messages, and you authorize us to use that automated system for that purpose.

**Messaging Terms & Conditions**

You agree to receive recurring automated promotional and personalized marketing text (e.g., SMS and MMS) messages (e.g. cart reminders) from Mx. Brassey, including text messages that may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system, to the mobile telephone number you provided when signing up or any other number that you designate. Consent to receive automated marketing text messages is not a condition of any purchase. Msg & Data rates may apply.

Message frequency will vary. Mx. Brassey reserves the right to alter the frequency of messages sent at any time, so as to increase or decrease the total number of sent messages. Mx. Brassey also reserves the right to change the short code or phone number from which messages are sent and we will notify you when we do so.

Not all mobile devices or handsets may be supported and our messages may not be deliverable in all areas. Mx. Brassey, its service providers and the mobile carriers supported by the program are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. You also agree to our Mx. Brassey Terms of Use and Mx. Brassey Privacy Policy.

We are able to deliver messages to some mobile phone carriers.

**Cancellation**

Text the keyword STOP, END, CANCEL, UNSUBSCRIBE or QUIT to our shortcode or phone number to cancel. After texting STOP, END, CANCEL, UNSUBSCRIBE or QUIT to our shortcode or phone number you will receive one additional message confirming that your request has been processed. You acknowledge that our text message platform may not recognize and respond to unsubscribe requests that do not include the STOP, END, CANCEL, UNSUBSCRIBE or QUIT keyword commands and agree that Mx. Brassey and its service providers will have no liability for failing to honor such requests. If you unsubscribe from one of our text message programs, you may continue to receive text messages from Mx. Brassey through any other programs you have joined until you separately unsubscribe from those programs.

**Help**

Text the keyword HELP to our shortcode or phone number to return customer care contact information. 

**Customer Care**

If you are experiencing any problems, please email dom.brassey@ousd.org. 

**Contact**

This message program is a service of Mx. Brassey, located at 1390 66th Ave, Oakland, CA 94621, United States

**Dispute Resolution and Arbitration.**

By accepting these terms, you are also agreeing to resolve any dispute with us through binding arbitration or small claims dispute procedures (unless you opt out), and to waive your rights to a jury trial and to participate in any class action suit. YOU AND WE EACH AGREE THAT, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED BELOW, ANY AND ALL CLAIMS OR DISPUTES IN ANY WAY RELATED TO, ARISING FROM, OR CONCERNING OUR CONTACTING OR MESSAGING YOU WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING ARBITRATION OR IN SMALL CLAIMS COURT.

Notwithstanding the above, YOU MAY CHOOSE TO PURSUE YOUR CLAIM IN COURT AND NOT BY ARBITRATION IF YOU OPT OUT OF THESE ARBITRATION PROCEDURES WITHIN 30 DAYS FROM THE DATE YOU FIRST RECEIVED THESE TERMS (the “Opt Out Deadline”). You may opt out of these arbitration procedures by completing [this form](https://forms.gle/XjucSkTrBcZ2r2W17).

Any opt-out received after the Opt Out Deadline will not be valid and you will be required to pursue any claim in arbitration or small claims court.

You and we each agree to negotiate your claim in good faith. You agree that you may not commence any arbitration or court proceeding unless you and we are unable to resolve the claim within 60 days after we receive your claim description and you have made a good faith effort to resolve your claim directly with us during that time.

If we are unable to resolve your claim within 60 days despite those good faith efforts, then either you or we may start arbitration or small claims court proceedings. To begin arbitration, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to our registered agent and to the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”). The arbitration of all disputes will be administered by the AAA under its Consumer Arbitration Rules in effect at the time the arbitration is commenced, except to the extent any of those rules conflicts with our agreement in these Terms, in which case these Terms will govern. The AAA rules are available at www.adr.org.

If the claims asserted in any request or demand for arbitration could have been brought in small claims court, then either you or we may elect to have the claims heard in small claims court, rather than in arbitration, at any time before the arbitrator is appointed, by notifying the other party of that election in writing. The arbitration of all disputes will be conducted by a single arbitrator, who shall be selected using the following procedure: (a) the AAA will send the parties a list of five candidates; (b) if the parties cannot agree on an arbitrator from that list, each party shall return its list to the AAA within 10 days, striking up to two candidates, and ranking the remaining candidates in order of preference; (c) the AAA shall appoint as arbitrator the candidate with the highest aggregate ranking; and (d) if for any reason the appointment cannot be made according to this procedure, the AAA may exercise its discretion in appointing the arbitrator. Upon filing of the arbitration demand, we will pay or reimburse all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees. An arbitrator may award on an individual basis any relief that would be available in a court, including injunctive or declaratory relief and attorneys’ fees. In addition, for claims under $75,000 as to which you provided notice and negotiated in good faith as required above before initiating arbitration, if the arbitrator finds that you are the prevailing party in the arbitration, you will be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs. Except for claims determined to be frivolous, we agree not to seek attorneys’ fees in arbitration even if permitted under applicable law.

**Florida Law**

For purposes of compliance with the Florida Telemarketing Act and the Florida Do Not Call Act, you agree that at the time we message you, we may assume that you are not a Florida resident or visitor unless, at the time of opt-in to the program, (1) any contact address you provided is located in Florida; (2) the area code for the phone number used to opt-into the program is a Florida area code; or (3) you have affirmatively advised us in writing that you are a Florida resident or visitor by sending notice to us at compliance@voxiechat.com. You agree that the requirements of the Florida Telemarketing Act and the Florida Do Not Call Act do not apply to you, and you shall not assert that you are a Florida resident or visitor, if you do not meet these criteria. Insofar as you are a Florida resident, you agree that mobile messages sent by us in direct response to mobile messages or requests from you (including but not limited to response to Keywords, opt-in, help or stop requests and shipping notifications) and shall not constitute a “telephonic sales call” or “commercial telephone solicitation phone call” for purposes of Florida Statutes Section 501 (including but not limited to sections 501.059 and 501.616), to the extent the law is otherwise relevant and applicable. In addition, you acknowledge and agree that your receipt of one or more text messages from us does not constitute any “injury” to you.

In the event that you are seeking to enforce any provision of the Florida Do Not Call or Telemarketing Acts in arbitration or small claims court, those laws shall apply to you only to the extent that you can provide two forms of evidence of domicile in Florida (e.g. driver’s license and utility bill) and documentary evidence that you received the messages while in Florida (e.g. call records and evidence of date of travel.) Your failure to produce such evidence in arbitration or small claims court may be deemed sufficient to rebut any presumption arising from the fact that a call or text was made to a Florida area code.

**Class Action Waiver**

YOU AND WE EACH AGREE THAT ANY PROCEEDINGS, WHETHER IN ARBITRATION OR COURT, WILL BE CONDUCTED ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS A CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, MASS, OR CONSOLIDATED ACTION. If we believe that any claim you have filed in arbitration or in court is inconsistent with this limitation, then you agree that we may seek an order from a court determining whether your claim is within the scope of this class action waiver. If a court or arbitrator determines in an action between you and us that any part of this Class Action Waiver is unenforceable with respect to any claim, the arbitration agreement and Class Action Waiver will not apply to that claim, but they will still apply to any and all other claims that you or we may assert in that or any other action. If you opt out of the arbitration provision as specified above, this Class Action Waiver provision will not apply to you. Neither you, nor any other customer, can be a class representative, class member, or otherwise participate in a class, consolidated, or representative proceeding without having complied with the opt out requirements above.

**Jury Trial Waiver**

If a claim proceeds in court rather than through arbitration, YOU AND WE EACH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL.
